Title: 戴明14条管理学定理
Category: 工作
Tags: 管理
Date:2017-11-15 14:39:30 
Status: draft


1. Create a constancy of purpose focused on the improvement of products and services.
Deming was very critical of the short-term thinking of American management,
which tends to be driven by quarterly business results and doesn’t always focus on
strategies that benefit the organization in the long run. Management should constantly
try to improve product design and performance. This must include investment
in research, development, and innovation will have long-term payback to the
organization.
2. Adopt a new philosophy that recognizes we are in a different economic era. Reject
poor workmanship, defective products, or bad service. It costs as much to produce a
defective unit as it does to produce a good one (and sometimes more). The cost of dealing
with scrap, rework, and other losses created by defectives is an enormous drain on
company resources.
3. Do not rely on mass inspection to “control” quality. All inspection can do is sort out
defectives, and at that point it is too late—the organization already has paid to produce
those defectives. Inspection typically occurs too late in the process, it is expensive, and
it is often ineffective. Quality results from prevention of defectives through process
improvement, not inspection.
4. Do not award business to suppliers on the basis of price alone, but also consider
quality. Price is a meaningful measure of a supplier’s product only if it is considered in
relation to a measure of quality. In other words, the total cost of the item must be considered,
not just the purchase price. When quality is considered, the lowest bidder frequently
is not the low-cost supplier. Preference should be given to suppliers who use modern
methods of quality improvement in their business and who can demonstrate process control
and capability. An adversarial relationship with suppliers is harmful. It is important to
build effective, long-term relationships.
5. Focus on continuous improvement. Constantly try to improve the production and service
system. Involve the workforce in these activities and make use of statistical methods,
particularly the statistically based problem-solving tools discussed in this book.
6. Practice modern training methods and invest in on-the-job training for all employees.
Everyone should be trained in the technical aspects of their job, and in modern
quality- and productivity-improvement methods as well. The training should encourage
all employees to practice these methods every day. Too often, employees are not
encouraged to use the results of training, and management often believes employees do
not need training or already should be able to practice the methods. Many organizations
devote little or no effort to training.
7. Improve leadership, and practice modern supervision methods. Supervision should
not consist merely of passive surveillance of workers but should be focused on helping
the employees improve the system in which they work. The number one goal of supervision
should be to improve the work system and the product.
8. Drive out fear. Many workers are afraid to ask questions, report problems, or point
out conditions that are barriers to quality and effective production. In many organizations
the economic loss associated with fear is large; only management can eliminate
fear.
9. Break down the barriers between functional areas of the business. Teamwork
among different organizational units is essential for effective quality and productivity
improvement to take place.
10. Eliminate targets, slogans, and numerical goals for the workforce. A target such as
“zero defects” is useless without a plan for the achievement of this objective. In fact,
these slogans and “programs” are usually counterproductive. Work to improve the system
and provide information on that.
11. Eliminate numerical quotas and work standards. These standards have historically
been set without regard to quality. Work standards are often symptoms of management’s
inability to understand the work process and to provide an effective management
system focused on improving this process.
12. Remove the barriers that discourage employees from doing their jobs.
Management must listen to employee suggestions, comments, and complaints. The person
who is doing the job knows the most about it and usually has valuable ideas about
how to make the process work more effectively. The workforce is an important participant
in the business, and not just an opponent in collective bargaining.
13. Institute an ongoing program of education for all employees. Education in simple,
powerful statistical techniques should be mandatory for all employees. Use of the basic
SPC problem-solving tools, particularly the control chart, should become widespread in
the business. As these charts become widespread and as employees understand their
uses, they will be more likely to look for the causes of poor quality and to identify
process improvements. Education is a way of making everyone partners in the quality
improvement process.
14. Create a structure in top management that will vigorously advocate the first 13
points. This structure must be driven from the very top of the organization. It must also
include concurrent education/training activities and expedite application of the training
to achieve improved business results. Everyone in the organization must know that continuous
improvement is a common goal.


Deming’s Seven Deadly Diseases of Management
1. Lack of constancy of purpose
2. Emphasis on short-term profits
3. Evaluation of performance, merit rating, and annual reviews of performance
4. Mobility of top management
5. Running a company on visible figures alone
6. Excessive medical costs
7. Excessive legal damage awards


Deming wrote and lectured about an extensive collection of obstacles to success. Some of
these include:
1. The belief that automation, computers, and new machinery will solve problems.
2. Searching for examples—trying to copy existing solutions.
3. The “our problems are different” excuse and not realizing that the principles that will
solve them are universal.
4. Obsolete schools, particularly business schools, where graduates have not been taught
how to successfully run businesses.
5. Poor teaching of statistical methods in industry: Teaching tools without a framework for
using them is going to be unsuccessful.
6. Reliance on inspection to produce quality.
7. Reliance on the “quality control department” to take care of all quality problems.
8. Blaming the workforce for problems.
9. False starts, such as broad teaching of statistical methods without a plan as to how to
use them, quality circles, employee suggestion systems, and other forms of “instant
pudding.”
10. The fallacy of zero defects: Companies fail even though they produce products and
services without defects. Meeting the specifications isn’t the complete story in any
business.
11. Inadequate testing of prototypes: A prototype may be a one-off article, with artificially
good dimensions, but without knowledge of variability, testing a prototype tells very little.
This is a symptom of inadequate understanding of product design, development, and
the overall activity of technology commercialization.
12. “Anyone that comes to help us must understand all about our business.” This is bizarre
thinking: There already are competent people in the organization who know everything
about the business—except how to improve it. New knowledge and ideas (often from
the outside) must be fused with existing business expertise to bring about change and
improvement.